Added documentation for elasticsearch static roles (#23077)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/secrets/databases/elasticdb.mdx

       client_key=$ES_HOME/config/certs/elastic-certificates.key.pem
   ```

## Usage

> After the secrets engine is configured and a user/machine has a Vault token with
> the proper permission, it can generate or rotate credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you configure the secrets engine, Vault will automatically generate and rotate credentials when users and machines connect using a Vault token with the proper permissions.
```

Style correction: make it clear who/what takes action (although I'm not sure I interpreted what you were trying to say correctly)

Author: Hey @schavis , this section was moved from below and is what is already published, so I'm not sure what the original implementor meant.

I can give a bit more context on how the flow works so we can find a better way to document it.

Using a Vault database plugin goes through 3 "steps":
* Registering the plugin, typically done by an operator (only required if it is not pre-bundled, so not necessary here for elasticsearch)
* Setup the plugin, typically done by an operator, which is done by 
  * Enabling the plugin
  * Passing a configuration so Vault can authenticate with the external system
  * Configuring roles which will be used to generate user and passwords on the external system
* Get credentials from the plugin, done by a client (user or machine)
  * Authenticate to Vault
  * Read credentials for the roles that were defined earlier

I think the intention here is a transitory statement to distinguish between the action of configuring the plugin versus configuring the roles.

Reading examples from other Database engines, it seems like many of them use:
```
After the secrets engine is configured, configure dynamic and static roles to enable generating credentials.
```
Would it be ok to use the same phrase here?

### Dynamic Roles

Dynamic roles generate new users and credentials on demand.

> The credentials are unique for each client and created when queried.

Reviewer: I don't understand what this is trying to say. We create new *users*? And what does "when queried" mean? Is that when the client connects?

Author: Yes, Vault creates new elasticsearch users every time a Vault client requests new credentials for a dynamic role by calling the `database/creds/my-role` endpoint.

Requested is proabably a better word than when queried :P

What do you mean by when a Vault client connects?

   username           v-vaultuser-my-role-AgIViC5TdQHBdeiCxae0-1602541724
   ```

### Static Roles

> Static roles return the same credentials for every request. The credentials are rotated based on the rotation period provided.

Reviewer 2: > rotated based on the rotation period provided

Maybe we should make this more generic since we have period and schedule-based rotations after 1.15?

Author: That's a good point, would `based on the schedule provided` work to encapsulate both?

Reviewer 2: Sounds great!

> Static roles return the same credentials for every request. The credentials are rotated based on the rotation period provided.

Author: ```suggestion
Static roles return the same credentials for every request. The credentials are rotated based on the schedule provided.
```

   username           v-vaultuser-my-role-AgIViC5TdQHBdeiCxae0-1602541724
   ```

### Static Roles

Static roles rotate the password of an existing user at the specified frequency.

> Each client will receive the same username and password when querying credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each client will receive the same username and password when requesting credentials.
```
